Adds link to migration documentation and FAQ (#52)
laminas/laminas-migration: README.md

- Apigility projects, all versions
- Expressive versions, all versions

> For more details check [documentation](https://docs.laminas.dev/migration/) and [FAQ](https://docs.laminas.dev/migration/faq/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, please read the [documentation](https://docs.laminas.dev/migration/) and [FAQ](https://docs.laminas.dev/migration/faq/).
```
